Then it's up to you
I'm going to bananas
Grandma, I'm going to prepare now.
XiaoQing
Mother
Grandma still has something for you
Look at where my padded jacket is.
Grandma, don't worry.
I put it away for you.
Xiaoqing, help grandma remove this
This is compensation for your dad's car accident
And
Everything grandma can add to you is here.
The password is your birthday grandma
I don't want your money.
I can make money
I just want you to be healthy.
Stingy, the money you earn is yours
This money is part of what your dad left you
And part of it is the dowry that grandma paid you
Just take it
OK
Grandma, I'll take it
I'll figure out a way to return the money to grandma later
Yes, that's right.
You've been married to that expert for a year and a half
Why is there a hole in your stomach and you are not married?